<b>Introduction</b>
The Newport Beach Film Festival LLC (“The Newport Beach Film Festival”) has created this Privacy Policy in order to disclose its use of consumer data collected about you. This Privacy Policy is effective as of August 18, 2010. Any questions regarding this policy should be directed by email to privacy@festivalgenius.com. You may also contact The Newport Beach Film Festival at 2000 Quail St, Newport Beach, CA 92660, USA. The following discloses The Newport Beach Film Festival’s information gathering and dissemination practices for its marketing app.

<b>Information Collected and Received</b>
The Newport Beach Film Festival may collect or receive information about each person who registers with the The Newport Beach Film Festival app including, but not limited to, user name, password, first and last name, email address, street address, gender, occupation, and interests. The Newport Beach Film Festival also collects information on the pages you access and other information you may volunteer, such as survey information.

<b>Uses of Information</b>
We will never sell your email address, or any other personal information, to any third party.
From time to time, we may partner with companies based on the interests of our users. These partner companies may have access to your email address, name, postal address and other information that can be used identify you or be used to contact you directly.
The Newport Beach Film Festival reserves the right to disclose information when required by law.
We occasionally use other companies to perform services necessary to our operations. In the course of providing these services, those companies may have access to your personal information. By contractual agreement, those companies must treat your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. However, we will not be liable for any damages that may result from the misuse of your personal information by these companies.
The Newport Beach Film Festival may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with The Newport Beach Film Festival’s server and to administer The Newport Beach Film Festival’s web site. Your IP address may also be used to help identify you and your online profile and to gather broad demographic information.
The Newport Beach Film Festival’s site’s registration form requires users to give The Newport Beach Film Festival contact information (such as your name and email address) and demographic information (such as your zip code, age, or income level). The Newport Beach Film Festival uses customer contact information from the registration form to send the user information about The Newport Beach Film Festival and promotional material from some of The Newport Beach Film Festival’s partners. The customer’s contact information is also used to contact the user when necessary. The Newport Beach Film Festival may use demographic and/or profile data to tailor the visitor’s experience on The Newport Beach Film Festival’s site, show the visitor content that The Newport Beach Film Festival thinks you may be interested in, and display content according to your preferences. The demographic and profile data will be shared with advertisers ONLY on an aggregate basis.
We may also disclose, on an anonymous basis, statements made by our customers.

<b>Security</b>
The Newport Beach Film Festival uses industry-standard technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged between The Newport Beach Film Festival and other companies to help ensure its security. This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under The Newport Beach Film Festival’s control. The Newport Beach Film Festival’s servers are backed up regularly and protected by security systems.

<b>Cookies</b>
“Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. The Newport Beach Film Festival’s site uses cookies to keep track of your session, shopping cart, and advertising delivery. The Newport Beach Film Festival may also use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests and to save your password. The Newport Beach Film Festival may use an outside ad company to display ads on The Newport Beach Film Festival’s site. These ads may also contain cookies. While The Newport Beach Film Festival uses cookies in other parts of The Newport Beach Film Festival’s web site, cookies received with banner ads are collected by The Newport Beach Film Festival’s ad company and The Newport Beach Film Festival does not have access to this information.

<b>Links</b>
The Newport Beach Film Festival may create links to other web sites. The Newport Beach Film Festival will make a reasonable effort to link only to sites that meet similar standards for maintaining each individual’s right to privacy. However, many other sites that are not associated or authorized by The Newport Beach Film Festival may have links leading to The Newport Beach Film Festival’s site. The Newport Beach Film Festival cannot control these links and The Newport Beach Film Festival is not responsible for any content appearing on these sites.

<b>Amendments</b>
The Newport Beach Film Festival may amend this policy at any time. If The Newport Beach Film Festival is going to use personally identifiable information collected through The Newport Beach Film Festival’s corporate site in a manner materially different from that stated at the time of collection The Newport Beach Film Festival will notify users via email and/or by posting a notice on The Newport Beach Film Festival’s Web site for 30 days prior to such use. This Agreement may not be otherwise amended except in a writing that specifically refers to this Privacy Policy and is physically signed by both parties.

<b>Assignment</b>
If there is a change of control in The Newport Beach Film Festival business (whether by merger, sale, or otherwise) or if there is an asset sale, the user information, including personal information, could be sold as part of that transaction and your personally identifying information potentially could be used by the purchaser. However, if that business materially changes this statement or the information-handling practices as described in this Privacy Policy, you will be notified by email and/or through a notice posted on the Site, and you may opt-out of the use of your existing information in a new manner. This Privacy Policy inures to the benefit of any successors or assigns of The Newport Beach Film Festival or the assets of The Newport Beach Film Festival.

<b>Contacts</b>
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site, you can contact privacy@festivalgenius.com. Upon request, The Newport Beach Film Festival will provide you with access to information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that The Newport Beach Film Festival collects and maintains about you. You may send an email to info@festnewportbeachfilmfest.com to change or modify information previously provided.

<b>Communication & Opt-Out</b>
The Newport Beach Film Festival occasionally emails registered users with information on new releases on <a href="http://newportbeachfilmfest.com">The Newport Beach Film Festival.com</a> or updates on The Newport Beach Film Festival festival sites or partner sites the user has visited.
The Newport Beach Film Festival provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from The Newport Beach Film Festival. To opt-out of receiving our communications, you can (i) submit your email address in the following form; (ii) send email to remove@The Newport Beach Film Festival.com; or (iii) send postal mail to: 2000 Quail St, Newport Beach, CA 92660, USA.