Film Independent, Inc. is the not-for-profit organization that produces and maintains this Website. Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.

The Information We Collect:

You can visit and enjoy our Website without disclosing any personal information about yourself. However, we offer some special services, and for these services to work properly we will need you to share with us certain, limited personal information about yourself.
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the www.filmindependent.org Website. On some pages, you can join our organization, order products, make requests, comment on editorial content and register to receive materials.

The Way We Use Information:

We use the information you provide about yourself to maintain your membership and to complete purchases, unless you voluntarily participate for third party promotions, such as participating in receiving Spirit Awards screeners. We do not share this information with outside parties.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
In terms of the information collected on the site and for Film Independent memberships, we use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our Website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our Website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.

Cookies

We do not put cookies on your computer if you are only visiting the site, nor do we work with any advertising tracking service which may use cookies. A cookie is placed on your computer if you become a member. A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier that is sent to your browser from a Website’s computers and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies operate in the background, and you can turn them off if you wish.

Our Commitment To Data Security

To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.

Links to Third Party Websites

Our Website contains links to other websites associated with Film Independent, such as our event sponsors and partners and websites operated by unrelated third parties. Please note that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of third party websites. We encourage you to be aware of this when your leave our Website and to read the privacy policies of every website that collects personally identifiable information from you. This Privacy Policy applies only to this Website.

Special Rules For Children

Because of federal law, we cannot collect any personal information from a child under the age of thirteen without the consent of that child’s parent. The statements in our Privacy Policy generally about our collection and use of personal information also apply to our treatment of personal information from children under the age of thirteen, with the added protection of the special rules about parental consent.

Parental Consent

We will not knowingly accept the registration of anyone under the age of thirteen. If you are a child under the age of thirteen you must ask your parent or legal guardian for permission to complete any transaction on our Website. If you are a parent of a child under the age of thirteen we expect you to approve any action your child takes with regard to and prior to your child registering or conducting any activity on our Website.

Disclosure for Legal Purposes

The law requires that we may be required to share your personal information pursuant to judicial or governmental subpoenas, warrants or orders. If we are required to do so, we will, of course, obey the law.

How To Contact Us

Should you have other questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please send us an email at webmaster@filmindependent.org.